I guess is a mystery recording a real
fishermen float fishing ranting anxious
firemen Andrea guitar Ketchum and an out
like bailing out the hand and he's gonna
catch them with his float technique and
I'm going to not catch mine with the fly
technique well just missed an offer
somewhere down here but he's just shut
off so boy nice to see them anyway Hey
look at that 18 inches poker tail to the
where thought wars would be here the
nose 19 inches that's one hell of a
trout well done Simon
oh it's long time where you go so this
is it we're wrecking a three pounder
take out anything but there's a big fish
and he's a big grayling Christ on a
bicycle I've never seen a growing that
beautiful of you there's one big
grayling I'll tell you that much I've
never seen a grayling as big as that
before there's another 18 inches yes
maybe 10 inches or something here is
angling Suprema with we recognize at
least a good two pounder awesome hold on
Simon
bastard returned his natural environment
out the biggest growing court in
Scotland this week
if you can see that but that's a mr.
otter like to mark prominent sticky-out
bitch in mocking you see the footprints
there so he's coming over another